It’s cool to be married to your best friend.
I like who I become when I’m with you.
Thanks for being my better half.
I’m so lucky to be the one loving you.
Happy Valentine’s Day, Beautiful.
You’re the best, Babe.
Time goes by, but you’re just as gorgeous and exciting to me as the day we met.
I’d be so dang lost without you.
You’re my everything.
I love all the adventures we have together.
I get to wake up next to you each day. How cool is that??
Love doing life with you.
You’re the bright spot in my day, every day.
I love being with you no matter what we’re doing.
We’re so awesome together.
You make the world better.
You have no idea how sexy you are.
You take my breath away. Always.
Tonight is all ours. I can’t wait to celebrate with you. 
Has it really been [10] years? I’d do it all over in a heartbeat.
I hope no one tells you, but you’re out of my league.
I don’t deserve you. Thanks for being mine.
Did you see where I put your valentine? Oh, wait…here it is.
Still not sure how I convinced you to marry me, but so glad I did. 
Thanks for putting up with me. Love you!
I picked the best guy ever to share my life with.
We’ve shared a lot of Valentine’s Days, but it never gets boring loving you.
I love you more than ever.
Thanks for being my guy.
Valentine’s Day and every day you make me so happy.
You’re my cuddly, huggable rock.
You keep adding reasons why I’m glad I married you.
There’s no one I’d rather share a heart-shaped pizza with than you. 
I’m so glad I married my best friend.
This is getting serious!
There’s nothing more romantic than putting your dirty clothes in the hamper!
From your TV buddy—me.
Sweetness. Funniness. Hotness. Just HOW do you do it all?
Every time I look in your eyes, I fall all over again.
You make this life thing pretty awesome.
I love coming home to you.
I couldn’t ask for a more wonderful husband than you.
This will definitely be a kids-in-bed-early kind of night. 
God is good. I know because he gave me you to love.
Wishing the sweetest, happiest day to my forever Valentine.
You and I are such an awesome us.
Team Us is a very unbeatable team.
You’re my love, my best friend, my forever Valentine.
I’m so happy we’re a thing.
My heart belongs to you, now and always.
I’m so happy to be on Team Us.
Loving you is so much fun.
I would like all of your Valentine’s Days, please.
We’re the best together, aren’t we? (Yeah, we are.)
Thinking about you still makes my cheeks hurt from smiling so much. 
We’re the best couple I know.
Here’s to more adventures!
Wish you were here for me to spoil today.
Always thanking my lucky stars that you’re my person.
You’re my favorite part of every day.
I just love you SO! MUCH! UGH.
I couldn’t have picked a better person to give my heart to.
Especially today, I hope you feel how much I love you and how grateful I am to have you in my life.
My heart is all yours.
Thanks for being you and for being mine.
Don’t look down here for the mushy stuff. That’s what the card was for!
Somebunny loves you. Seriously. You’re very popular with rabbits.
Valentine’s Day with you beats my best ever! (For the record, that was in third grade when a kid gave us all full-size candy bars.)
You’re like the thing to my other thing that goes with that first thing! (I’m not great with words, obviously.)
Will you be wine? I love ya merlots.
It’s true, like for sure.
Valentine, guess what? Love your butt!
When should we start rosé-ing?
Wish you were here to Valenwhine with me.
You’re my forever love and I’m so grateful.
You give my heart peace over and over again. I love you so much.
We’ve loved through it all, and that’s what makes me so proud of us.
Being part of us is the best thing I’ll ever be.
At the heart of it all, we’re friends. I love that. I love you.
It’s been a journey…one I’d do all over again.
You are my Valentine every day, in every way.
We’re growing old together with a love that’s forever young.
These days, most people can’t remember a time when we weren’t us. That’s a sweet, sweet thing.
You still make me laugh like crazy. That’s true love.
We’ve loved each other through good times, rough spots and life’s joys and sorrows. I’m so thankful for that.
From fledgling lovebirds to salty old crows, I love that we’ve never lost our sense of humor…or the magic that makes us, us.
There are so many wonderful reasons I love calling you Valentine.
Your kindness, your strength, the way you look at me with so much love…this is why you’re my Valentine.
Love you with all of my heart…and I’ve got a lot of heart!
Love our life. Love all the things we are together.
Happy Valentine’s Day to my girl-way-more-than-friend.
You’re funny, sweet, smart AND hot?
Holy crap, I have really lucked out here.
A lot of people like to say they’ve found their soul mate. But I’m the one who’s right about it!
Just thinking about you as I sign this card is making me feel all mushy and romantic.
My “with you” times are the best part of any day.
You give me such a good feeling every time we’re together.
Do you have any idea how beautiful you are? Let me tell you…
You’re everything I ever dreamed of in a woman.
I knew you were special when I met you. But day after day, you out-special yourself.
You make my heart go ahOOOgah.
I’m so proud to introduce you to EVERYONE. 
WOW, I’m glad we’re dating.
You’re the best girlfriend ever.
Happy Valentine’s Day, Gorgeous.
I write your name over and over in the margins of my imaginary notebook.
I like you and I LIKE like you.
I still get butterflies.
I’m so glad you didn’t turn out to be a serial killer.
Lucky me to have a great guy like you in my life.
Love you. Can’t wait to show you how much. XOXOXO
Valentine’s Day used to suck before I found you.
Turns out you’re so much more than just hot! I’m still very impressed. 
I’m crazy about you.
How’d I end up with a total smokeshow like you?
Being with you is the best feeling there is.
You’re the kind of boyfriend I’m proud of.
My friends love you, and that says A LOT. 
You’re a real cutie-pie, you know that? 
Yay! We’re still dating!
I love spending time with you.
You bring out the better in me.
Thanks for reminding me how much fun dating is.
I’m so excited to be sharing our first Valentine’s Day together. I hope it’s the first of many…
And they say dating is supposed to be tough—you make it seem easy to me.
We’re not single today! Yay!
We’re kind of new at this Valentine thing, but I just want you to know how exciting you are to me and what a good time I have whenever I’m with you.
I don’t know what’s next for us, but whatever it is, I can’t wait.
I love where this Us thing is going.
I’m excited for us.
We’ve got something really good here. 
You’re def the best decision I ever made. =)
Love you!
Can’t wait to do “I do” with you.
My happily-ever-after has already started.
I can’t believe I get to marry you.
You’re my forever +1.
Yes, you have to be romantic today.
I can’t wait to marry you.
You’re my Hallmark movie ending.
We might not be official on paper yet, but we’re official in my heart.
You make life feel like a fairytale. 
You give me all the butterflies.
You’re exactly what friends are for.
Glad Palentine’s Day is a thing so I can wish you a happy one!
Thanks for being awesome in so many ways.
I’m so glad we can count on each other.
From your partner in crime.
Thanks for all your love and support.
It’s a day about love, and I totally love you, friend! 
If you wanna split a bottle of wine and big box of chocolate, I’m down. 
Who says Valentine’s Day is just for lovers? Annoying jerks, that’s who.
Our friend-love is so important to me.
Soul mates aren’t just a romantic thing. Thanks for being my friend soul mate.
Thanks for being the loyal and caring [friend] you are. Love you!
Here’s to a Valentine’s Day filled with good wine, good food and especially good friends like you.
Happy Valentine’s to one of my favorite people. Ever.
Valentine’s Day and every day, I’m grateful for you.
Hope he/she spoils you. You deserve it.
Besties are the best dates.
And the countdown to settling for each other continues.
Dunno, just felt right…love ya, was the point, I think.
Share some candy with you.
Hope your day brings just what you want it to.
Eat some heart-shaped candy and know that you’re loved. 
We got all the love we need. <3 
Cheers to a future with more first kisses and tummy butterflies.
I’ll raise an awesome Valentine’s cocktail to you.
I hope you feel loved and appreciated on Valentine’s Day. Because you are.
Someday, our fairytale ending will come. Until then, there’s pizza.
Wish we could be together swapping chocolates and laughing over candy hearts like we used to.
Let’s send our condolences to all those couples who wish they were wild and free like us!
You can’t have Valentine’s Day without wine. Well, we can’t, anyway.
Date schmate. We’ve got booze!
Roses are red. Lovebirds are annoying. Where is the chocolate? Let’s start enjoying.
Who needs a Val date when you can have a Gal (or Pal) date?!
Hope you get a visit from the Valentine squirrel!
It takes 437 licks to get the words off a candy heart. You’re welcome.
Love you in a big way, little guy.
You make my whole life more heart filled. Love you!
I feel a little luckier every day to have a kid like you.
Couldn’t be prouder of you. Couldn’t love you more.
My heart is always full because of you.
You’re more than kinda the best and I’m more than kinda grateful.
It’s so sweet having a [daughter] like you. Hope your Valentine’s Day is extra sweet, too.
Happy Valentine’s Day to one of our sweetest blessings.
We love you oodles and oodles, [Aidan]!
Hope your day is just as awesome as you are!
Sweet treats on Valentine’s Day help us remember to be sweet to each other. And you’re one of the sweetest kids ever!
Writing tip: Kids appreciate a good drawing—or even just a funny stick figure. Consider adding a few hearts, word balloons or other doodles around your signature.
Love you lots! And lots! And lots! (And lots!)
Big virtual hug incoming! 
You’re sweeter than candy! And that’s really, really sweet!
Happy Valentine’s Day to the sweetest grandkid in the world!
Thanks for making my life way more fun.
It’s Candy and a Hug Day! So happy to share it with you!
Can’t wait to see about a hundred Valentine’s Day pictures of you.
They should name candy after you. That’s how sweet you are.
You made this family about a million percent better.
Happy Valentine’s Day, Sweetheart.
Love you bunches and bunches.
Missing you and sending you a big Valentine hug!
Hope you get lots of fun treats today! XOXOXO,
U R 2 Cute!
Wishing a fantastic day to my favorite [8]-year-old Valentine!
Hope your day is filled with fun and your mouth is filled with chocolate!
[Dad], I hope you’re feeling really loved today. You are!
Have fun on Valentine’s Day, and don’t eat too much candy.
Hope your day is filled with reminders of how much you’re loved.
As my [Mom]…as a friend…as a Valentine…you’re the best!
You make me laugh. You make me think. You make me really glad we’re [sisters].
Thanks for all you do that makes my life happier (which is a lot!).
Valentine’s Day is all about love, and [Bro], there is no one better than you at spreading God’s love wherever you go.
Eating a little chocolate cake in your honor, [Dad]. It’s not as good as yours, but it still brings back good memories of Valentine’s Days growing up!
Love you and miss you, [Mom]! Looking forward to seeing you next month at [Casey’s party]!
Writing tip: One Hallmark writer fondly remembers how his grandmother, who always sent valentines, would always choose a couple of words to underline. It seemed kind of random, but they would usually be part of a list of nice things about him. Consider emphasizing certain important words in your message—with underlining, all-caps…or maybe even bubble letters.
“You’re loved every day, especially by me.”
“I don’t need Valentine’s Day to say how much I care about you.”
“You have an amazing heart. But you already know that!”
“I know this isn’t a good year, but you’re a good person, and I care so much about you.”
“Self-love is one of the greatest kinds of love out there. So treat yourself with kindness (and a lot of chocolate) today.”
“You’re brave and strong and I love that.”
“Today might be a tough day, but I’ll tough it out with you, Valentine.”
“I don’t love Valentine’s Day, but I love you. Thinking of you today.”
“A toast to all the independent ladies out there…especially you! You’re so loved and admired.”
From the Pet 
“You’re the best pawrent ever and that’s why I love you!”
“You’re my favorite human to kiss!”
“Happy Valentine’s Day! Can we cuddle now?”
“Happy Valentine’s Day from your FURiend!”
“Grandpawrents are the sweetest! I’m so lucky you’re mine!”
“Can you TAIL how much I love you?”
“FURever family. FURever Valentines. That’s us!”
“Who’s a good dog mom? Who’s a good dog mom? Is it you? Yes it is! You are the best dog mom!”
“Today, can I fetch YOU a treat?”
“Hey, Human! Let’s have a ball today!”
“Dog dads are rad dads! Love you, Papa!”
“Who wants you to have a happy Valentine’s? MEOW!”
“My PURRfect Valentine is YOU!”
“I’ll be HISSterical if you won’t be mine!”
“Friends of a feather celebrate together! (That’s what a little birdie told me, anyway).”
“Let’s graze on treats all Valentine’s Day! Whad’ya say, Hooman?”
“On Valentine’s Day, I don’t give a HOOF what we do…as long as I have YOU!”

